<ui:composition xmlns:ui="http://java.sun.com/jsf/facelets">
    <li class="attr-optional">
        <b>onchange</b>
        <i>String</i>
        <span>Javascript code executed when the value of the element changes.</span>
    </li>
    <li class="attr-optional">
        <b>onclick</b>
        <i>String</i>
        <span>Javascript code executed when a pointer button is clicked over this element.</span>
    </li>
    <li class="attr-optional">
        <b>ondbclick</b>
        <i>String</i>
        <span>Javascript code executed when a pointer button is double clicked over this element.</span>
    </li>
    <li class="attr-optional">
        <b>onkeydown</b>
        <i>String</i>
        <span>Javascript code executed when a key is pressed down over this element.</span>
    </li>
    <li class="attr-optional">
        <b>onkeypress</b>
        <i>String</i>
        <span>Javascript code executed when a key is pressed or released over this element.</span>
    </li>
    <li class="attr-optional">
        <b>onkeyup</b>
        <i>String</i>
        <span>Javascript code executed when a key is released over this element.</span>
    </li>
    <li class="attr-optional">
        <b>onmousedown</b>
        <i>String</i>
        <span>Javascript code executed when a pointer button is pressed down over this element.</span>
    </li>
    <li class="attr-optional">
        <b>onmousemove</b>
        <i>String</i>
        <span>Javascript code executed when a pointer button is moved within this element.</span>
    </li>
    <li class="attr-optional">
        <b>onmouseout</b>
        <i>String</i>
        <span>Javascript code executed when a pointer button is moved away from this element.</span>
    </li>
    <li class="attr-optional">
        <b>onmouseover</b>
        <i>String</i>
        <span>Javascript code executed when a pointer button is moved onto this element.</span>
    </li>
    <li class="attr-optional">
        <b>onmouseup</b>
        <i>String</i>
        <span>Javascript code executed when a pointer button is released over this element.</span>
    </li>
</ui:composition>