<ui:composition xmlns:ui="http://java.sun.com/jsf/facelets">
    <li class="attr-unimpl">
        <b>immediate</b>
        <i>Boolean</i>
        <span>Flag indicating that, if this component is activated by the user, notifications
            should be delivered to interested listeners and actions immediately (that is,
            during Apply Request Values phase) rather than waiting until Invoke Application phase.
        </span>
    </li>
    <li class="attr-optional">
        <b>required</b>
        <i>Boolean</i>
        <span>Flag indicating that the user is required to provide a submitted value for this input component.</span>
    </li>
    <li class="attr-optional">
        <b>requiredMessage</b>
        <i>String</i>
        <span>A ValueExpression enabled attribute that, if present,
            will be used as the text of the validation message for the "required" facility,
            if the "required" facility is used.
        </span>
    </li>
    <li class="attr-unimpl">
        <b>validator</b>
        <i>MethodExpression</i>
        <span>MethodExpression representing a validator method that will be called during
            Process Validations to perform correctness checks on the value of this component.
            The expression must evaluate to a public method that takes FacesContext, UIComponent,
            and Object parameters, with a return type of void.
        </span>
    </li>
    <li class="attr-optional">
        <b>validatorMessage</b>
        <i>String</i>
        <span>A ValueExpression enabled attribute that, if present,
            will be used as the text of the validator message, replacing any message that comes from the validator.
        </span>
    </li>
    <li class="attr-optional">
        <b>value</b>
        <i>ValueExpression</i>
        <span>The current value of this component.</span>
    </li>
        <li class="attr-unimpl">
        <b>valueChangeListener</b>
        <i>MethodExpression</i>
        <span>MethodExpression representing a value change listener method that will be notified
            when a new value has been set for this input component. The expression must evaluate to
            a public method that takes a ValueChangeEvent parameter, with a return type of void,
            or to a public method that takes no arguments with a return type of void.
            In the latter case, the method has no way of easily knowing what the new value is,
            but this can be useful in cases where a notification is needed that "this value changed".
        </span>
    </li>
</ui:composition>