<ui:composition xmlns:ui="http://java.sun.com/jsf/facelets">
    <li class="attr-optional">
        <b>for</b>
        <i>String</i>
        <span>Client identifier of the component for which to display messages.</span>
    </li>
    <li class="attr-optional">
        <b>showDetail</b>
        <i>Boolean</i>
        <span>Flag indicating whether the detail portion of displayed messages should be included.
            Default value is "true".
        </span>
    </li>
    <li class="attr-optional">
        <b>showSummary</b>
        <i>Boolean</i>
        <span>Flag indicating whether the summary portion of displayed messages should be included.
            Default value is "false".
        </span>
    </li>
    <li class="attr-optional">
        <b>tooltip</b>
        <i>Boolean</i>
        <span>Flag indicating whether the detail portion of the message should be displayed as a tooltip.</span>
    </li>
    <li class="attr-optional">
        <b>errorClass</b>
        <i>String</i>
        <span>CSS style class to apply to any message with a severity class of "ERROR".</span>
    </li>
    <li class="attr-optional">
        <b>errorStyle</b>
        <i>String</i>
        <span>CSS style(s) to apply to any message with a severity class of "ERROR".</span>
    </li>
    <li class="attr-optional">
        <b>fatalClass</b>
        <i>String</i>
        <span>CSS style class to apply to any message with a severity class of "FATAL".</span>
    </li>
    <li class="attr-optional">
        <b>fatalStyle</b>
        <i>String</i>
        <span>CSS style(s) to apply to any message with a severity class of "FATAL".</span>
    </li>
    <li class="attr-optional">
        <b>infoClass</b>
        <i>String</i>
        <span>CSS style class to apply to any message with a severity class of "INFO".</span>
    </li>
    <li class="attr-optional">
        <b>infoStyle</b>
        <i>String</i>
        <span>CSS style(s) to apply to any message with a severity class of "INFO".</span>
    </li>
    <li class="attr-optional">
        <b>warnClass</b>
        <i>String</i>
        <span>CSS style class to apply to any message with a severity class of "WARN".</span>
    </li>
    <li class="attr-optional">
        <b>warnStyle</b>
        <i>String</i>
        <span>CSS style(s) to apply to any message with a severity class of "WARN".</span>
    </li>
</ui:composition>